document SCP enforcement for cross-account access (#716)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/aws/services/organizations.mdx

   awslocal organizations delete-organization
   ```

## Service Control Policy enforcement

[Service Control Policies (SCPs)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html) set the maximum permissions for accounts in your organization.
When IAM enforcement is enabled, LocalStack checks SCPs together with identity-based policies.

> A request goes through only if both the principal's identity-based policies and the SCPs covering its account allow the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When IAM enforcement is enabled, LocalStack checks SCPs together with other applicable policies.
A request goes through only if both the principal's policies, resource's policies and the SCPs covering its account allow the action on the resource.
```

Other policies are also checked apart from identity based policies: resource-based policies, permission boundaries, etc.
